# Lumi

Lumi is a Desktop App that offers a collection of tools to create, edit and
share digital content with your class.

Lumi is currently in a very early development phase and offers only one tool: a
H5P Editor. Other tools will be added in later versions.

Download the latest version
[here](https://github.com/Lumieducation/Lumi/releases/latest).

It’s built with TypeScript – a [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/) plus
[express](https://expressjs.com/) and [socket.io](http://socket.io) server,
[React.js](https://reactjs.org/), [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) and
[Material-ui](https://www.material-ui.com). It runs as a
[Electron](https://electronjs.org)-Standalone App on Mac OS X, Windows and
Linux.

## Contributing

Lumi tries to improve education wherever it is possible by providing a software
that connects teachers with their students. But Lumi is in a very early
development stage. Every help is appreciated and welcome. You can contribute in
many ways. You can help reporting, testing, and detailing bugs, and also test
and suggest new features. Please read
[CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct,
and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

We manage the localization of Lumi on
[translate-h5p.tk](https://translate-h5p.tk/) in the project [Lumi
Education](https://translate-h5p.tk/weblate/projects/lumi-education/). The
Weblate installation there makes it easy to add translations into your language.
Please read the [guide how to
contribute](https://translate-h5p.tk/contributing/) and register on
translate-h5p.tk if you're interested in helping out! 

Lumi has adopted the code of conduct defined by the Contributor Covenant. It can
be read in full [here](./CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

### Get in touch

Contact us at [c@lumi.education](mailto:c@lumi.education).

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available,
see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/Lumieducation/Lumi/tags).

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE v3 License
- see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details